alright what's up YouTube
want to do a quick little update online
2013 xt 250 but now I've got the FMF
Power Core 4 on there
having a little bit of problem I noticed
when I when I was looking at earlier it
looks like it's split right down here I
don't know if that's just shoddy work
workmanship or whatever on FMF sparked I
put a little bolt and stabilizer back
there so the pipe doesn't move got a new
MSR plastic flexible really good little
mirror way better than those stock ones
and took them out save probably like
couple pounds or something I've added
the new sprocket made by JT sprockets 51
tooth I'll put a gold di D chain on it
and real quick start real quick starting
to look a lot more like a dirt bike
now for anyone looking to purchase the
new 2013 XC 250 pretty much row the piss
out of this one I mean you can see by
all the scratches and one not
I've laid down far far many times and I
got to say it's pretty reliable
I mean I've just beaten the out of
it I mean like just look at the side of
the case right here I mean this thing's
been through hell and back so as far as
reliability I'd give it you know it's
it's up there I got about 2,600 miles on
it
it's a fun little bike but it just lacks
severe power when you need it I mean
does great as far as being a little
supermoto you know going to and from the
house going to your groceries whatever
works really good but once you start
hitting those highway speeds that engine
just doesn't have enough power to put
out with a new sprocket it tops out
pretty much about 60 flat I mean you
know you're really pushing it going up
to 65 because this bike doesn't have a
rev limiter so and if it does it surely
hasn't kicked in when I rev the out
of it so just a quick little update I
want to give you guys